we have entered into a new paradigm
persistently low volatility with markets
pushed up by the soft and gentle cushion
that is Central Banking there seems to
be no concerns as a result we have seen
a steady climb in the stock market
algorithms however are anticipating this
volatility what we can expect is that if
volatility picks up Tech stock
specifically will see a heavy correction
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you today we are going
to look at this issue I want to look at
a whole bunch more let's begin right
here though with volatility this is the
vix the vix is often seen as the best
indicator in this
category you're looking at this chart is
over the last year and what we can see
is that other than a few blips it has
remained rather stagnant and
historically low this would tell us the
market doesn't have any concerns about
the future no need to worry everything
is just
fine this to me signals that the central
Bankers have such a tight hold on the
markets they're able to fool them into
thinking this is actually true connected
in with this chart I have this article
the Comm that is descended on us
financial markets is stretching around
the world based on one commonly used
measure the Asian equities are near
their least volatile this Century I mean
that is massive think about that in a
hundred
years by a byproduct of improving
corporate earnings that's not
true stabilizing economic growth and the
diminishing impact of geopolitical
events on markets I just want to step
back a moment it's referring to this
Century not necessarily in the last 100
years stabilizing economic growth now
what are they talking about here now if
they were saying stabilizing stock
markets I would agree with them but
economic growth well they're not getting
that I mean sure if they want to
consider
GDP but that's fake to begin with I mean
we've talked about that a 100 times
before and the diminishing impact of Glo
geopolitical events I
mean what what do they think every time
there's an event you have the stock
market affected by it sure they push it
back up I mean if you want to replace
real investment with printed money I
guess they can do that but it's not
helping the economy I assure you in the
US wall Street's fear gauge is at
alltime lows at this time Europe
volatility has largely subsided I don't
think so because in Europe the situation
the actual true situation which is
happening is worse now than it was last
year which is worse than last year and
so
on low volatility is supposed to be a
good indicator I think right now we're
being fooled by the
vix look at
this notably this is the largest
liquidity injection for this time of the
year in Chinese history what we are
seeing here is the Chinese worried about
what's happening to the markets what
could happen and what do they do they
inject that's just the way it is but
look it's not the just China doing that
it is going on all around the world the
bad news as yields have fallen the curve
has collapsed to its most inverted ever
ever flashing warning signals for growth
as loud as they have ever been so
they're saying this is the most ever and
I'll show you that here if you can't see
it it's not screaming to me I mean this
could revert very
quickly but look what it says
below if the feds Dudley and sort of
being a little sarcastic here is to be
believe today a flattening yield curve
is not a negative signal for the economy
a apart from the seven out of seven
times that it occurred since the late
60s perfectly predicting a
recession this is what happens so many
times before just recently I've I've
covered in multiple videos now certain
things have happened throughout history
in the exact same way and we're headed
towards that exact moment again another
time will it happen again well
statistically yes does it necessarily
prove that no so anyway China is a big
story because the whole world looks
around China and says you need to cons
continue to consume consume
consume you need to buy all our products
you need to buy different Industrial
Metals you need to import and import and
import but if that doesn't happen all of
a sudden the market starts to worry and
what happens The People's Bank of China
will simply print
more all right a booming market for
subprime auto loans they suggest that
things have cooled off a little bit but
I would beg to differ auto loans to
people with shaky credit are bundled and
sold as Securities it goes into more
stuff but what I wanted to mention is
the fact that I mean can you believe
this okay if you can probably not pay
back if your credit is terrible if
you're most likely to have a problem
with this debt we're giving you then I
have an
idea you take that on but we're not
going to keep your debt we are going to
sell it off to a company who's going to
wrap it up put a little bow on top of it
and then sell it off to a investor and
they will take that they will eventually
be left holding what they realize that
they're holding a piece of garbage it's
going to be worthless and you and I even
though we may have had nothing to do
with it we are going to have to foot the
bill for this garbage for This Disaster
it's going to be put on my back it's
going to be put on your back and this is
the way it is because we let those types
of individuals take control of the
monetary system we suffer because of
it and then this is all connected in
with that more than a decade after this
person's 1997 Mitsubishi was repossessed
she's still paying off her car loan she
has no choice her autol lender took to
her to court and won the right to seize
a portion of her income to cover her
debt it basically takes that it says
that it's garnishing her
wages look I I don't know about the ins
and outs of all this all I'm saying here
is that debt is being used as a tool to
punish us people believe that they can
use debt like spend all their money on
their credit cards and they'll show the
man that's not how it works look at this
individual I think thatb could be useful
when you know you think about a home for
example if you put 20% down and then you
take on a lot of debt but your you know
your passive income from the mental
income is providing you more then you're
obviously making income all all of this
I get that you're using
leverage but it's a little bit dangerous
too because a lot of people are left
holding on to garbage and most people I
would say haven't done enough research
when they get into something and it gets
worse and worse as that um cost goes up
I've covered this before but I believe
it's a little bit newer information
regardless G3 central bank balance sheet
and the Fang stocks Fang stocks are
basically the the uh best performing
tech stocks right now you'll see these
completely matching up look at this I
mean it's a mirror
image so if you print a lot of
money you have tech stocks Rising if you
stop printing money the tech stocks will
not rise and then even better even
better and more so recently it seems to
be the G3 central bank balance sheet and
Amazon
stock are in complete sync with each
other if this was a musical instrument
you could tune one off of the other
that's how crazy this
is okay let's move on to something else
I thought it was interesting
look at
this you may have seen it in the news
this is talking about how this out of
WikiLeaks talking about how if you're
going to investigate Trump's ties to
Russia what about Hillary Clinton excuse
me Hillary
Clinton what they said in in this here I
really don't want to have to read it all
but
essentially Mueller
was
told by Hillary
Clinton that they need
to
give right here it says right
here we require that the transfer of
this material to be conducted at the
airport of all places on the tarmac
nearby the plane upon arrival of the
director's
aircraft so they're selling here in this
this
case nuclear
material I believe if I'm not mistaken
it was uranium but don't quote me on
that and they're doing the deal on the
tarmac I mean this is so
strange that's something that raises
some eyebrows that's I mean that's real
to me that says okay we need to figure
out what the hell is going on is this an
official deal or is this a black market
you know Alleyway type of situation what
the heck is this what are they doing
what kind of deals are they doing with
the Russian government in such a way all
right last one you know
this I'm at a loss for words this type
of thing Miracle jab okay heart attack
vaccine available in just 6 years to
knock cholesterol busting statins off
the shelves basically saying that you'll
get a needle once a year and you won't
need to take those statin
drugs I've covered the dangers of Statin
before you can see them on the National
Institute of Health I know a lot of
people who take them I know a lot of
people in my family who take them I know
a lot of people that I've heard tell me
that they take them I get that that's
fine I don't judge anybody for what they
do but you're going to create a needle
to put in somebody's
body so that they don't have to take the
statin
drugs all right let I'm not I'm not even
going to go there not even going to go
there neither are good let's just put it
that way but it's seen as a miracle cure
I didn't say that remember that I didn't
say that you get in trouble for that
kind of talk but unless you're the FDA
all
right just whenever I see these that
type of information it just
ah it just really aggravates me because
I know a lot of people around me are not
doing well and they come up with these
so-called Solutions and people just seem
to be getting sick and sick and sick all
the
time that's enough ranting if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs up last but not least if you
found the video informative I know
you'll find my books the money GPS and
my new release global economic apps even
more informative you can look through
the books at Amazon the links are in the
description so you can flip through
them
and one thing I wanted to mention full
transparency here and I wanted you to
know this I thought this was really cool
so initially I got a email from mighty
mug I don't know if anybody knows this
company and they said do you want to do
a video about Mighty mug we'll send you
one and I said you know what it's it's
just it's not related to the money GPS
uh no thank
you they replied back and
said how about you do a giveaway you can
give your subscriber one of your
subscribers a mighty mug and I said sure
I'll do that I'll give do a giveaway I
looked up the product seems pretty cool
it's BPA free plastic on the uh Rim area
it's got stainless steel on the inside
and it doesn't knock over seems pretty
cool I'm sure if you hit it hard enough
it knocks over but regardless I think
it's a good product so we're going to
set up a giveaway I thought this was
really cool so what's going to happen is
they're going to send me one and I'm
going to show you guys on camera the
mighty mug and then we're going to
figure out a way to do a giveaway so
they are going to ship you one directly
so I thought that was pretty cool of
them and it's sort of works as a
promotion for them I feel good about it
because I'm able to give somebody
something cool so hopefully that there
will be one lucky person who will get
one of these Mighty mugs so stay tuned
for that now a little further on the
transparency by the way we've lost about
80% of people here so only the people
who really love the money G money GPS
are
here I thought to myself why don't I I
email a bunch of different companies for
products that I like and see if they'll
let me review their product so for
example I emailed Tre the company that
makes treasur the Bitcoin wallet they
are sending me a Bitcoin wallet believe
it or not I emailed LifeStraw which I
think is an incredible product where you
can just take any type of garbage water
whether it's in a disaster situation
you're camping whatever and it acts as a
straw but filters out they are sending
me a LifeStraw two different types
actually so I went on and emailed a
bunch of different PL companies and stay
tuned because you're going to going to
see some products now little disclaimer
here what I'm going to try to do is set
up some more of these giveaways if I can
with these type of companies so would it
be cool for some people to get a Bitcoin
wallet should they want one I think
that's cool if I could hook that up so
I'm going to do my best anyway so stay
tuned for that this is full transparency
at the money GPS I hope you enjoyed it
please give me a thumbs up take care